CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing Guidelines

Welcome to the `commonsense-papers` project. We aim to select the most representative and innovative papers in the research field of **commonsense knowledge**, and provide taxonomy/classification as well as statistics of these papers to give a quick overview of the field and help focused reading.

Since our paper-list cannot be complete, we welcome your contributions. 

The `README_edit.md` is the file for human to edit, and `README.md` should be automatically generated by `gen_badge.py`.

## Paper

All the papers include here should follow the following format: 

```
**Paper Title** (abbreviation, if exists, and not in title) VENUE YEAR [code](url)

*Author1, Author2*
```

Different kinds of papers may have different requirements: 

- For resource, includes author names, venue(published version first, then arxiv), resource abbreviation, links to homepage, paper and code(if possible).

- For other papers, includes author names, venue, links to paper and code(if possible), and list the resources used if possible.

## Classification

See the current table of contents.

If a paper does not fit into a current (sub)class, can add a new one.

If a paper provides a resource as well as a method, we usually put it into the resource class.

## Statistics and Badges

After editing the paper list in `README_edit.md` with the format stated above, simply run `gen_badge.py` and the statistics in `README.md` will automatically update.

Commit message:

show badges with Github Pages

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing Guidelines

Welcome to the `commonsense-papers` project. We aim to select the most representative and innovative papers in the research field of **commonsense knowledge**, and provide taxonomy/classification as well as statistics of these papers to give a quick overview of the field and help focused reading.

Since our paper-list cannot be complete, we welcome your contributions. 

The `README_edit` is the file for human to edit, and `index.html` should be automatically generated by `gen_badge.py`.

## Paper

All the papers include here should follow the following format: 

```
**Paper Title** (abbreviation, if exists, and not in title) VENUE YEAR [code](url)

*Author1, Author2*
```

Different kinds of papers may have different requirements: 

- For resource, includes author names, venue(published version first, then arxiv), resource abbreviation, links to homepage, paper and code(if possible).

- For other papers, includes author names, venue, links to paper and code(if possible), and list the resources used if possible.

## Classification

See the current table of contents.

If a paper does not fit into a current (sub)class, can add a new one.

If a paper provides a resource as well as a method, we usually put it into the resource class.

## Statistics and Badges

After editing the paper list in `README.md` with the format stated above, simply run `gen_badge.py` and the statistics in `README.md` and the webpage `index.html` with badges will automatically update.

You may need to install dependencies before. 

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
